Add Kubernetes 1.22 release blog article (#29103)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2021-08-04-kubernetes-release-1.22.md

---
layout: blog

> title: 'Kubernetes 1.22: XXX'

Reviewer: @savitharaghunathan @jlbutler please don't forget to update the title as well

date: 2021-08-04
slug: kubernetes-1-22-release-announcement
---

**Authors:** [Kubernetes 1.22 Release Team](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/blob/master/releases/release-1.22/release-team.md)

We’re pleased to announce the release of Kubernetes 1.22, the second release of 2021!

> This release consists of 53 enhancements: 13 enhancements have graduated to stable, 24 enhancements are moving to beta, and 16 enhancements are entering alpha, and 3 features have been deprecated.

Reviewer 2: Change "...are entering alpha, and 3 features..." to "...are entering alpha. Also, three features..." since the deprecations are not part of the 53 enhancements.

Reviewer 2: Oh, and I changed "3" to "three" since numbers under 10 should be spelled.

> In April of this year, the Kubernetes release cadence was officially changed from four to three releases yearly. This is the first longer-cycle release related to that change. As the Kubernetes project matures, the number of enhancements per cycle grows. This manifests in the contributor community and Release Engineering team as more work from version to version, and it can put pressure on the end-user community to stay up-to-date with releases containing increasingly more features.

Author: We have manifests on the brain, good change thanks!

Changing the release cadence from four to three releases yearly balances many aspects of the project, both in how contributions and releases are managed, and also in the community's ability to plan for upgrades and stay up to date.

You can read more in the official blog post [Kubernetes Release Cadence Change: Here’s What You Need To Know](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2021/07/20/new-kubernetes-release-cadence/).

## Major Themes

### Server-side Apply graduates to GA

> [Server-side Apply](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/server-side-apply/) is a new object merge algorithm, as well as tracking of field ownership, running on the Kubernetes API server. Server-side Apply helps users and controllers manage their resources via declarative configurations. It allows them to create and/or modify their objects declaratively, simply by sending their fully specified intent. After being in beta for a couple releases, Server-side Apply is now generally available.

Author: Great callout, thank. Changed this to "a new field ownership and object merge algorithm" which feels much simpler.

### External credential providers now stable

> Kubernetes client [credential plugins](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#client-go-credential-plugins) have been in beta since 1.11, and with the release of Kubernetes 1.22 now graduates to stable. The GA feature set includes improved support for plugins that provide interactive login flows, as well as a number of bug fixes. Aspiring plugin authors can look at [sample-exec-plugin](https://github.com/ankeesler/sample-exec-plugin) to get started.

Reviewer 3: Maybe: “_Support for_ Kubernetes client credential plugins has been in beta since 1.11” (my emphasis; not intended for the published article)

### etcd moves to 3.5.0

> Kubernetes default backend storage, etcd, has a new release 3.5.0. The new release comes with improvements to the security, performance, monitoring, and developer experience. There are numerous bug fixes and some critical new features like the migration to structured logging and built-in log rotation. The release comes with a detailed future roadmap to implement a solution to traffic overload. A full and detailed list of changes can be read in the [3.5.0 release announcement](https://etcd.io/blog/2021/announcing-etcd-3.5/).

Reviewer 2: Nit, up to you if you make the change. I would change "a new release 3.5.0." to " a new release: 3.5.0."

> Kubernetes default backend storage, etcd, has a new release 3.5.0. The new release comes with improvements to the security, performance, monitoring, and developer experience. There are numerous bug fixes and some critical new features like the migration to structured logging and built-in log rotation. The release comes with a detailed future roadmap to implement a solution to traffic overload. A full and detailed list of changes can be read in the [3.5.0 release announcement](https://etcd.io/blog/2021/announcing-etcd-3.5/).

Reviewer 3: Tidying for a few nits:
```suggestion
Kubernetes' default backend storage, etcd, has a new release: 3.5.0. The new release comes with improvements to the security, performance, monitoring, and developer experience. There are numerous bug fixes and some critical new features like the migration to structured logging and built-in log rotation. The release comes with a detailed future roadmap to implement a solution to traffic overload. You can read a full and detailed list of changes in the [3.5.0 release announcement](https://etcd.io/blog/2021/announcing-etcd-3.5/).
```

### Quality of Service for memory resources

> Originally, Kubernetes used the v1 cgroups API. With that design, the QoS class for a `Pod` only applied to CPU resources (such as `cpu_shares`). As an alpha feature, Kubernetes v1.22 can now use the cgroups v2 API to control memory allocation and isolation. This feature is designed to improve workload and node availability when there is contention for memory resources, and to improve the predictability of container lifecycle.

Reviewer 3: I'd be happy to see “contention” used here.

### Node system swap support

Every system administrator or Kubernetes user has been in the same boat regarding setting up and using Kubernetes: disable swap space. With the release of Kubernetes 1.22, alpha support is available to run nodes with swap memory. This change lets administrators opt in to configuring swap on Linux nodes, treating a portion of block storage as additional virtual memory.

### Windows enhancements and capabilities

> To continue to support the growing developer community, SIG Windows released their [Development Environment](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/sig-windows-dev-tools/). These new tools support multiple CNI providers and can run on multiple platforms. There is also a new way to run bleeding-edge Windows features from scratch by compiling the Windows kubelet and kube-proxy, then using them along with daily builds of other Kubernetes components.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Continuing to support the growing developer community, SIG Windows has released their [Development Environment](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/sig-windows-dev-tools/). These new tools support multiple CNI providers and can run on multiple platforms. There is also a new way to run bleeding-edge Windows features from scratch by compiling the Windows kubelet and kube-proxy, then using them along with daily builds of other Kubernetes components.
```

For stable features, the kubectl tool follows the Kubernetes [version skew policy](https://kubernetes.io/releases/version-skew-policy/); however, kubectl v1.21 and older do not support the new API for ephemeral containers. If you plan to use `kubectl debug` to create ephemeral containers, and your cluster is running Kubernetes v1.22, you cannot do so with kubectl v1.21 or earlier. Please update kubectl to 1.22 if you wish to use `kubectl debug` with a mix of cluster versions.

## Other Updates

### Graduated to Stable

* [Bound Service Account Token Volumes](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/542)
* [CSI Service Account Token](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/2047)
* [Windows Support for CSI Plugins](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/1122)
* [Warning mechanism for deprecated API use](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/1693)
* [PodDisruptionBudget Eviction](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/85)

> * [CronJobs](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/19)

Reviewer 5: Can you be more specific?  There was a blog post about [how CronJobs went GA in 1.21](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2021/04/09/kubernetes-release-1.21-cronjob-ga/).  Looking at the enhancement, it says only the API was stable in 1.21, and the controller is now stable in 1.22?

Reviewer 3: See https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/29103#discussion_r679101784

Author: Good catch thank you! We were coming back to this to make it more accurate and it stalled out. I think the subsequent suggestion from @sftim makes sense, if that works for you.

> * [CronJobs](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/19)

Reviewer 3: I'd change this out of the “Graduated to stable” section. Instead, in “Notable feature updates” I'd say that the control plane now always uses the **version 2 controller for CronJobs** (you can't switch to the v1 controller like you could in v1.21)

Author: Thanks for catching this, it was a dangling update. See @craigbox's comment as well. I've moved this to 'Notable Feature Updates' and changed the list element to "CronJobs v2 controller" (looks better than CronJobControllerV2, imo). PTAL thank you!

> ### Notable Feature Updates

Reviewer 3: For each item in this section, I'd prefer to link either to KEPs (eg https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/647-apiserver-tracing) or to the feature documentation within https://k8s.io/docs/

Author: Going to bring this to retro and consider moving to this model rather than linking k/enhancements issues as has been done in the past. Thanks!

> * [PodSecurity admission](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/2579) (PodSecurityPolicy replacement)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* A new [PodSecurity admission](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/2579) 
  feature is introduced as an alpha, intended as a replacement PodSecurityPolicy.
```
?

Author: @sftim latest force push adds a more narrative "Notable Feature Updates" section. This deviates from past practice, but I think it's engaging and looks good to me. PTAL and let me know what you think?

> * [Memory Manager](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/1769)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The [Memory Manager](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/1769)
  moves to beta
```
(I'd prefer to hyperlink all of these feature updates to the relevant docs rather than to KEPs - what do people think?)

Author: re: 'moves to beta', we actually had that for all of these. i'll go back and put them in as i think it makes more sense.

re: linking docs vs KEPs, i think we should consider that. this blog follows past practice (at least going back three versions). are you passionate about discussing a change for this release, or would it be ok to add this to 1.23 considerations?

Reviewer 3: > re: linking docs vs KEPs, i think we should consider that. this blog follows past practice (at least going back three versions). are you passionate about discussing a change for this release, or would it be ok to add this to 1.23 considerations?

It's fine to park that detail.

> * [Generic data populators DataSource](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/1495)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* [Custom populators for PersistentVolumes](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/1495)
```
?

Author: I agree s/DataSource/for PersistentVolumes/ is much better.

While technically true, docs and all language use the term 'generic' rather than 'custom'. I'm ok with it, but should we go wider on review? 

@bswartz what do you think?

Reviewer 3: (I've been recommending the “Custom” term for docs, too)

> * [kubeadm configuration](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/970)

Reviewer 3: Can we link to https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/#config-apis?

Also, I'd write “A new v1beta3 version of the kubeadm configuration format (superseding v1beta2)”.

> * [API Server Tracing](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/647)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* [API Server Tracing](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/647) (alpha)
```

> * [Rootless mode containers](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/2033)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* As an alpha feature, Kubernetes now allows running all node components -
  including the kubelet, kube-proxy, container runtime(s) and kube-proxy -
  [as a non-root user](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/2033).
```

> * [Generic data populators](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/1495) for PersistentVolumes are now available

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* [Generic data populators](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/1495) for PersistentVolumes are now available in alpha
```
?

> * As an alpha feature, all Kubernetes node components (including the kubelet, kube-proxy, and container runtime) can be [run as a non-root user](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/2033)

Reviewer 2: I think the words you just added around the "Notable Feature Updates" do a good job of introducing what each feature is.

# Release notes

You can check out the full details of the 1.22 release in the [release notes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.22.md).

# Availability of release

> Kubernetes 1.22 is [available for download](https://kubernetes.io/releases/download/) and also [on the GitHub project](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/releases/tag/v1.22.0)). 

Author: Thank you!

There are some great resources out there for getting started with Kubernetes. You can check out some [interactive tutorials](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/) on the main Kubernetes site, or run a local cluster on your machine using Docker containers with [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io). If you’d like to try building a cluster from scratch, check out the [Kubernetes the Hard Way](https://github.com/kelseyhightower/kubernetes-the-hard-way) tutorial by Kelsey Hightower.

# Release Team

This release was made possible by a very dedicated group of individuals, who came together as a team to deliver technical content, documentation, code, and a host of other components that go into every Kubernetes release.

A huge thank you to the release lead Savitha Raghunathan for leading us through a successful release cycle, and to everyone else on the release team for supporting each other, and working so hard to deliver the 1.22 release for the community.

> We would also like to take this opportunity to remember Peeyush Gupta, a member of our team that we lost earlier this year. Peeyush was actively involved in SIG ContribEx and the Kubernetes Release Team, most recently serving as the 1.22 Communications lead. His contributions and efforts will continue to reflect in the community he helped build. A [CNCF memorial](https://github.com/cncf/memorials/blob/main/peeyush-gupta.md) page has been created where thoughts and memories can be shared by the community.

Reviewer 2: Nice!

# Release Logo

![Kubernetes 1.22 Release Logo](/images/blog/2021-08-04-kubernetes-release-1.22/kubernetes-1.22.png)

> Amidst the ongoing pandemic, natural disasters, and ever-present shadow of burnout, the 1.22 release of Kubernetes includes 56 enhancements. This makes it the largest release to date. This accomplishment was only made possible due to the hard-working and passionate Release Team members and the amazing contributors of the Kubernetes ecosystem. The release logo is our reminder to keep reaching for new milestones and setting new records. And it is dedicated to all the Release Team members, hikers, and stargazers!

Author: Great catch, thank you!

- [Spring Term LFX Program](https://www.cncf.io/blog/2021/07/13/spring-term-lfx-program-largest-graduating-class-with-28-successful-cncf-interns) had the largest graduating class with 28 successful CNCF interns!
- CNCF launched [livestreaming on Twitch](https://www.cncf.io/blog/2021/06/03/cloud-native-community-goes-live-with-10-shows-on-twitch/) at the beginning of the year targeting definitive interactive media experience for anyone wanting to learn, grow, and collaborate with others in the Cloud Native community from anywhere in the world.

# Event Updates

- [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America 2021](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/) will take place in Los Angeles, October 12 – 15, 2021! You can find more information about the conference and registration on the event site.
- [Kubernetes Community Days](https://community.cncf.io/kubernetes-community-days/about-kcd/) has upcoming events scheduled in Italy, the UK, and in Washington DC.

# Upcoming release webinar

> Join members of the Kubernetes 1.22 release team on XXX MM, DD, 2021 to learn about the major features of this release, including XXX, YYY, and ZZZ. Registration link [here](https://https://community.cncf.io/events/details/link-here).

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Join members of the Kubernetes 1.22 release team on XXX MM, DD, 2021 to learn about the major features of this release, including XXX, YYY, and ZZZ. Registration link [here](https://community.cncf.io/events/details/link-here).
```
type with double `https://`

> Join members of the Kubernetes 1.22 release team on September 7, 2021 to learn about the major features of this release, as well as deprecations and removals to help plan for upgrades. Registration link [here](https://community.cncf.io/events/details/link-here).

Reviewer: Also here, don't forget to update the registration link

Author: We don't have a link yet, but when we have it I can add it. I might just link to the webinars landing page for now.

### Windows enhancements and capabilities

To continue to support the growing developer community, SIG Windows released their [Development Environment](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/sig-windows-dev-tools/). These new tools support multiple CNI providers and can run on multiple platforms. There is also a new way to run bleeding-edge Windows features from scratch by compiling the Windows kubelet and kube-proxy, then using them along with daily builds of other Kubernetes components.

CSI support for Windows nodes moves to GA in the 1.22 release. In Kubernetes v1.22, Windows privileged containers are an alpha feature. To allow using CSI storage on Windows nodes, [CSIProxy](https://github.com/kubernetes-csi/csi-proxy) enables CSI node plugins to be deployed as unprivileged pods, using the proxy to perform privileged storage operations on the node.

> 

Reviewer 7: this extra line can be removed

### Default profiles for seccomp

> An alpha feature for default seccomp profiles has been added to the kubelet, along with a new command line flag and configuration. When in use, this new feature provides cluster-wide seccomp defaults, using the `RuntimeDefault` seccomp profile rather than `Unconfined` by default. This enhances the default security of the Kubernetes Deployment. Security administrators will now sleep better knowing there is some security by default for the workloads. To learn more about the feature, please refer to the official [seccomp tutorial](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/clusters/seccomp/#enable-the-use-of-runtimedefault-as-the-default-seccomp-profile-for-all-workloads).

Reviewer 7: nit:
```suggestion
An alpha feature for default seccomp profiles has been added to the kubelet, along with a new command line flag and configuration. When in use, this new feature provides cluster-wide seccomp defaults, using the `RuntimeDefault` seccomp profile rather than `Unconfined` by default. This enhances the default security of the Kubernetes Deployment. Security administrators will now sleep better knowing the workloads are secured by default. To learn more about the feature, please refer to the official [seccomp tutorial](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/clusters/seccomp/#enable-the-use-of-runtimedefault-as-the-default-seccomp-profile-for-all-workloads).
```

Author: Thank you! I split the difference with "...knowing that workloads are more secure by default." Let me know what you think.

### More secure control plane with kubeadm

A new alpha feature allows running the `kubeadm` control plane components as non-root users. This is a long requested security measure in `kubeadm`. To try it you must enable the `kubeadm` specific RootlessControlPlane feature gate. When you deploy a cluster using this alpha feature, your control plane runs with lower privileges.

> A new [v1beta3 configuration API](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubeadm/issues/1796). This iteration adds some long requested features and deprecates some existing ones. The v1beta3 version is now the preferred API version; the v1beta2 API also remains available and is not yet deprecated.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For `kubeadm`, Kubernetes v1.22 also brings a new [v1beta3 configuration API](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubeadm/issues/1796). This iteration adds some long requested features and deprecates some existing ones. The v1beta3 version is now the preferred API version; the v1beta2 API also remains available and is not yet deprecated.
```

## Major Changes

### Removal of several deprecated beta APIs

> A number of deprecated beta APIs have been removed in 1.22 in favor of the GA version of those same APIs. All existing objects can be interacted with via stable APIs. This removal includes beta versions of `Ingress`, `IngressClass`, `Lease`, `APIService`, `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration`, `MutatingWebhookConfiguration`, `CustomResourceDefinition`, `TokenReview`, `SubjectAccessReview`, and `CertificateSigningRequest` APIs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A number of deprecated beta APIs have been removed in 1.22 in favor of the GA version of those same APIs. All existing objects can be interacted with via stable APIs. This removal includes beta versions of the `Ingress`, `IngressClass`, `Lease`, `APIService`, `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration`, `MutatingWebhookConfiguration`, `CustomResourceDefinition`, `TokenReview`, `SubjectAccessReview`, and `CertificateSigningRequest` APIs.
```
?

For the full list, check out the [Deprecated API Migration Guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-guide/#v1-22) as well as the blog post [Kubernetes API and Feature Removals In 1.22: Here’s What You Need To Know](https://blog.k8s.io/2021/07/14/upcoming-changes-in-kubernetes-1-22/). 

###  API changes and improvements for ephemeral containers

The API used to create [Ephemeral Containers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/ephemeral-containers/) changes in 1.22. The Ephemeral Containers feature is alpha and disabled by default, and the new API does not work with clients that attempt to use the old API.

> For stable features, the kubectl tool follows the Kubernetes [version skew policy](https://kubernetes.io/releases/version-skew-policy/); however, kubectl v1.21 and older do not support the new API for ephemeral containers. Users who create ephemeral containers using `kubectl debug` should note that kubectl version 1.22 will attempt to fall back to the old API; older versions of kubectl will not work with cluster versions of 1.22 or later. Please update kubectl to 1.22 if you wish to use `kubectl debug` with a mix of cluster versions.

Reviewer 3: Slight rewording for the release blog - if this is OK:
```suggestion
For stable features, the kubectl tool follows the Kubernetes [version skew policy](https://kubernetes.io/releases/version-skew-policy/); however, kubectl v1.21 and older do not support the new API for ephemeral containers. If you plan to use `kubectl debug` to create ephemeral containers, and your cluster is running Kubernetes v1.22, you cannot do so with kubectl v1.21 or earlier. Please update kubectl to 1.22 if you wish to use `kubectl debug` with a mix of cluster versions.
```
?

## Other Updates

### Graduated to Stable

* [Bound Service Account Token Volumes](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/542)

> * [CSI Service Account Token GA](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/2047)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* [CSI Service Account Token](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/2047)
```
(the “generally available” part can be taken as read)

> * [Support CSI Plugins in Windows](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/1122)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* [Windows Support for CSI Plugins](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/1122)
```

* [Warning mechanism for deprecated API use](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/1693)

> * [Pod Disruption Budget Eviction](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/85)

Reviewer 3: nit:
```suggestion
* [PodDisruptionBudget Eviction](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/85)
```

* [CronJobs](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/19)

### Notable Feature Updates

* [Memory Manager](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/1769)
* [Generic data populators DataSource](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/1495)
* [kubeadm configuration](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/970)
* [API Server Tracing](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/647)
* [Rootless mode containers](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/2033)

> * [PodSecurity admission](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/2579) (PodSecurityPolicy replacement)

Reviewer 3: Can we move this first in this list? It's a big ticket feature for alpha.

# Release notes

You can check out the full details of the 1.22 release in the [release notes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.22.md).

# Availability of release

> Kubernetes 1.22 is available for [download on GitHub](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/releases/tag/v1.22.0).

Reviewer 3: As a new feature, we can link to https://kubernetes.io/releases/download/ as well, if we want to.

# Release Team

This release was made possible by a very dedicated group of individuals, who came together as a team to deliver technical content, documentation, code, and a host of other components that go into every Kubernetes release.

A huge thank you to the release lead Savitha Raghunathan for leading us through a successful release cycle, and to everyone else on the release team for supporting each other, and working so hard to deliver the 1.22 release for the community.

We would also like to take this opportunity to remember Peeyush Gupta, a member of our team that we lost earlier this year. Peeyush was actively involved in SIG ContribEx and the Kubernetes Release Team, most recently serving as the 1.22 Communications lead. His contributions and efforts will continue to reflect in the community he helped build. A [CNCF memorial](https://github.com/cncf/memorials/blob/main/peeyush-gupta.md) page has been created where thoughts and memories can be shared by the community.

# Release Logo

![Kubernetes 1.22 Release Logo](XXX: pending)

> The Kubernetes 1.22 Release has been the XXX release.

XXX Narrative about the theme, release log creation credits ...

# User Highlights

> - CNCF welcomes 27 new organizations across the globe as members of the diverse cloud native ecosystem. These new [members](https://www.cncf.io/announcements/2021/05/05/27-new-members-join-the-cloud-native-computing-foundation/) will join CNCF at the upcoming [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon NA in Los Angeles](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/) from October 12 – 15, 2021.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- In May, the CNCF welcomed 27 new organizations across the globe as members of the diverse cloud native ecosystem. These new [members](https://www.cncf.io/announcements/2021/05/05/27-new-members-join-the-cloud-native-computing-foundation/) will participate in CNCF events, including the upcoming [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon NA in Los Angeles](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/) from October 12 – 15, 2021.
```
?

> - CNCF Grants Spotify the [Top End User Award](https://www.cncf.io/announcements/2021/05/05/cloud-native-computing-foundation-grants-spotify-the-top-end-user-award/) as a part of the [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon EU – Virtual 2021](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The CNCF granted Spotify the [Top End User Award](https://www.cncf.io/announcements/2021/05/05/cloud-native-computing-foundation-grants-spotify-the-top-end-user-award/) during [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon EU – Virtual 2021](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/).
```
?

# Ecosystem Updates

- [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon EU 2021](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/) was held in May, the third such event to be virtual. All talks are [now available on-demand](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLj6h78yzYM2MqBm19mRz9SYLsw4kfQBrC) for anyone that would like to catch up!
- [Spring Term LFX Program](https://www.cncf.io/blog/2021/07/13/spring-term-lfx-program-largest-graduating-class-with-28-successful-cncf-interns) had the largest graduating class with 28 successful CNCF interns!
- CNCF launched [livestreaming on Twitch](https://www.cncf.io/blog/2021/06/03/cloud-native-community-goes-live-with-10-shows-on-twitch/) at the beginning of the year targeting definitive interactive media experience for anyone wanting to learn, grow, and collaborate with others in the Cloud Native community from anywhere in the world.

# Event Updates

> - KubeCon + CloudNativeCon NA in Los Angeles will take place October 12 – 15, 2021! You can find more information about the conference [here](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/).

Reviewer 3: If possible, avoid “here” in hyperlinks - instead, rephrase to use the title of the target page in the link text, or something similar to it.

> - [Kubernetes Community Days](https://community.cncf.io/kubernetes-community-days/about-kcd/) has events scheduled in Italy, UK & Washington DC in the coming months

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Kubernetes Community Days](https://community.cncf.io/kubernetes-community-days/about-kcd/) has upcoming events scheduled in Italy, the UK, and in Washington DC.
```
?

# Upcoming release webinar

Join members of the Kubernetes 1.22 release team on XXX MM, DD, 2021 to learn about the major features of this release, including XXX, YYY, and ZZZ. Registration link [here](https://https://community.cncf.io/events/details/link-here).

# Get Involved

If you’re interested in contributing to the Kubernetes community, Special Interest Groups (SIGs) are a great starting point. Many of them may align with your interests! If there are things you’d like to share with the community, you can join the weekly community meeting, or use any of the following channels:

> * Find out more about contributing to Kubernetes at the new [Kubernetes Contributor website](https://www.kubernetes.dev/)

Reviewer 3: It's no longer new, so:
```suggestion
* Find out more about contributing to Kubernetes at the [Kubernetes Contributors](https://www.kubernetes.dev/) website
```
